----------------------------------------------------------------------
		   Jess 7.0 Pricing Engine Example
----------------------------------------------------------------------

The files in this directory comprise an example of both how Jess's
Java APIs can be used to embed Jess in a Java program, and how to
write some simple Jess rules to select special offers to customers in
a sales application. The example is designed to show off a number of
Jess features new in Jess 7.0 -- primarily new simplified APIs and
simplified rule language syntax -- so even if you're an experienced
Jess user, this example is worth a look. 

This example is discussed in detail in chapter 11 of the manual,
"Embedding Jess in a Java Application." In this README, I'll just
describe the files and how to run the example; refer to the manual for
a technical discussion.

There are three Java packages here. The package
gov.sandia.jess.example.pricing contains the pricing engine itself;
the class gov.sandia.jess.example.pricing.PricingEngine shows one way
to use Jess's Java APIs. The package
gov.sandia.jess.example.pricing.model contains model classes for a
simple e-commerce application, used in the demo. Finally, the package
gov.sandia.jess.example.pricing.demo contains the driver class to run
everything here as a demo, and some test data in the form of a mock
database implementation.

The actual rules are in the file pricing.clp . There's also an ant
build file build.xml. To run the demo, compile all the classes, then
run gov.sandia.jess.example.pricing.demo.Demo . If you have Apache Ant
installed (see http://ant.apache.org) then you can do all of this by
just typing "ant test".
